some of you may remember this emachine
from a video I made almost two years ago
it's called Church distributed music
system or something like that and this
little eat our was featured as the music
computer well a couple weeks ago I went
upstairs well I was walking through the
lobby and heard no music I went upstair
to find that the lights are on but
nobody was home and to be continued
anyway I found this had to go get my
charger so I could charge it you'll see
this later anyway I found this poor
little computer was dead so I what did i
do I very quickly figured out okay this
thing's not going to come back to life
terribly easily so thankfully I picked
one of these little babies up high this
little device right here by itself
without the power supply is about Oh
twelve dollars and 99 tents on eBay
power supplies another three dollars and
then you just use a USB stick or an SD
card this is just a small one I was
using for testing anyway I I intend to
make a full-blown video on it I've had
that for a little while now but I showed
it to our pastor sometime back and he
thought it was so cool he whipped out of
20 I was wall and said get me a couple
so I did so when that thing decided not
the boot and I'll explain how I got it
running here in a minute but anyway I
got him they were been in his office for
a week or two so I went I grabbed the
power supply in one of these out of his
office I dug through my backpack and
found a little too gig USB stick which I
quickly formatted and I've got a USB
hard drive with all my mp3s which has
quite a few Wow hit CDs and I listened
to everything so I have a DS
enough collection of contemporary
christian and praise and worship music
that would be suitable for the church
tab playing through the speakers so i
hook this up and it worked and i have
brought the emachines home now you're
probably wondering what's wrong the
emachines and this aina it's an old unit
but and it's running windows on the 8th
but it's still working it's uh it's
telling the truth when it says I sell
around five thirty three and the ram has
been upgraded in it I think it came
stock with 64 how much rain we got in
this sucker we got 319 megabytes of RAM
so it's it's had 256 added to the stock
64 and it's a reasonably zippy unit for
its age what's going on with it well I
think the power supply specifically the
12 volt rail is getting kind of weak i
could probably replace find another
paris fly and press it into service
however let's hear what's the power
consumption on that it says two amps
where as well that's a 1 amp power
supply though i know this saying can't
draw that much but anyway this thing is
probably going to use a whole lot less
electricity to use for the purpose and
the nice thing about it is in theory
whenever we want to change our playlists
we just changed USB sticks so this is
probably going to be our music source
for a while okay so that's this video
and what i'm doing right now is a no no
I got it going the way I got it going
I've had to do this twice I've unplugged
the hard drive data cable why helps I
don't know and after a couple tries to
work and this last time
I actually hot plug the cable while it
was booting and did so just fast enough
to where it would actually still detect
the hard drive yes that is risky but the
thing is this thing is so old and so as
of right now kind of honest last leg I
wasn't too worried about it yeah I know
it was probably not the smartest thing
to do but sometimes you just get into
gorilla troubleshooting so like I said I
think this little all right you guys
pronounce that power supply is just I
think it's just getting old I think
that's what it is and so I'm not sure
what I'm going to do yet this thing is
probably going to be more or less
retired uxw bill has expressed interest
in it so i might just send it his way
we'll see but anyway this was enough
very well thought out video but it's a
video and I'm hoping to make a couple
more today i don't know if i'll get to
that or not but we'll see what happens